Thank guys infant blue hair telling you
that we are recruiting team and famous
recruiting all players editors and gfx
we want for players to be active amor yo
same for the editors and GF exes it is
very important to be loyal to your
members and other people which you have
contact with active you have to be in
YouTube and on the xbox for the players
you need to have a HD PVR you have to
send in your clips on montages unlisted
or whatever it has to be yours for
decent game when you kill cams on any
cult duty if you have many for distance
game when you kill cams you have a
slightly better chance to get in our
team because we're looking on on a
different level trickshotting to feats
has to be more than a quad feet a quad
face is all right but if you get more
it's always better it can be on any
college 82 for the editors send in what
you've edited like your work your
montages that you have edited same for
the gfx ascending your work you've made
also for the editors of G of X s we can
send you clips or we can let you make
montages just to make sure and see how
you can edit how how do you edit so of
that we can choose if you fit in our
team or not same for the GF X's we will
give you a task what you have to make a
background or logo whatever something
has to make thats related to GFX so I
hope it was enough information send in
your clips in a private message channel
reactions or video responses will be
ignored we will not look at it just make
sure you send in your clips adp if you
are needed and any any questions about
it just ask in the comment section below
or just send us a private message I hope
I informed you enough good luck piece